aisel you need to get out there man up
say you're wrong and offer Nina and
Randa a sincere apology today we're
talking about something that probably
each and every one of you has
experienced and that is bullying about
us yen first obvious probe being being a
guy in the vegan community it's about
like a seventy two thirty or thirty
ratio it's almost guaranteed you're
gonna get laid oh yeah
anytime someone and I know this might
have some people over there if like if
they have in their bio like ethical
vegan like they identifies that that
literally makes me cringe because I'm
just like you can't just go vegan and
then all of a sudden say oh I'm I'm an
ethical person and everyone else isn't
living this ethical lifestyle it's just
like like nobody lives a cruelty-free
lifestyle and it's a cruelty-free
lifestyle I think it's kind of a little
it comes across as like condescending or
like you're better than someone else
it's like no like yeah it's not
approachable and it's like it's not yes
it appeals to people who are vegan but
because they are grew but yeah exactly
people who are not vegan don't it's just
like it a bonus yen and the guy who
targeted us is definitely a weirdo and
we get that so basically he did a couple
of videos saying we're ugly stupid we're
never gonna make it as actresses in
Hollywood Hollywood all the time people
asked me this question used to be my
most frequently asked question that
asked me well what what books do you
recommend what intellectuals do you look
up to what political leaders do you look
up to in veganism the problem with
veganism being dominated by people who I
find inexplicably unforgivably idiotic
it's not limited to the bottom rung of
part time bikini models and weight-loss
gurus it's really not wanes young so
Wayne's young is the real leader of
direct action everywhere even though he
claims that group has no leaders again
when I first encountered his work
I have no negative bias as the most
positive bias imaginable and I'm opposed
by it's also because at least he had you
know some intellectual pretensions and
aspirations and he was writing essays he
was writing essays about political
philosophy so I'm even
or biased in his favor but his work is
garbage and it's not just a little bit
too dumb to me it's shockingly stupid
it'd be hard to force myself to give a
rigorous critique of any article by
Wayne's Young that I've read because
it's it's garbage I mean Gary Yourofsky
if you search the history on this
channel of one of the most popular
videos or maybe two of my most popular
videos where the the critiques of Gary
Yourofsky so it was saying things that a
lot of people needed to hear in those
videos some people knew about the
problems with Gary Yourofsky and more in
denial about them and some were totally
unaware of it were shocked Gary
Yourofsky I don't know I wouldn't
hesitate to call him an idiot again I'm
I'm biased in his favor I recognize that
a lot of issues is his heart is in the
right place that he's trying to make the
world a better place but he's not just a
little bit stupid people he's not yeah
you know what if this would be a much
more upbeat video if I just played a
bunch of clips from that ridiculous
dialogue between vegan cheetah and Nita
Neena and Rhonda sitting there being
idiots and I sat here and heap scorn on
them and say look at these wannabe
bikini models we all get into this game
the small town mentality of pretending
they're witty and charming and brilliant
when they're not pretending they're
humorous and intelligent when they're
not and pretending they're beautiful
when they're not I mean oh all these
people are showered with compliments oh
you could be a model no you couldn't oh
you know what Nina and Randa now of the
experience of going to auditions
they've been aspiring actresses for some
time when Nita and Randa are in Los
Angeles sitting in the waiting room next
to the other young women who are trying
for that same part do you think they
stand out as especially good-looking no
they're not good-looking period they're
not we can pretend because they're vegan
because they're vegan and they appeared
in a Taco Bell commercial you know
supporting the [ __ ] meat and dairy
industry and the fast food industry that
we all supposedly demonize when they
when they sold out for a few dollars to
Bro yeah yeah they're they're
good-looking and they're brilliant and
they're
in the vegan movement movement that
doesn't exist yeah sure we can we can we
can play those games and you know like I
say there is value in critique at every
level I think there's value in poking
holes in the reputation that you know
people like neither randa have I think
there's value in poking holes the
reputation that vegan she'd has every
value in poking holes in reputation I
have if anyone wanted to deal with the
substance of what's actually on my
channel instead of making up stories
about my sex life that are complete
fiction by the way I don't think I've
seen a single one of these rumors that
has anything do with my actual sex life
you know yeah this video would be more
entertaining for everyone if I just came
on camera and threw down you know
invective and insults towards these
these idiots but the truth is if we're
really being honest in rigorous the
people who have put themselves in
positions of elite leadership roles
people like Brees Harper Wayne see on
Gary offski Gary Franchione a leader of
the Green Party Jill Stein I just had a
video critic criticizing Jill Stein
really we need more of our energy to go
into honestly and fairly assessing
what's wrong with those sources
strategically and tactically and
substantively and then we need to put
our energy into replacing them the
reality is there's going to be another
Nina and Randa next week I nobody can
keep camps just to keep count of the
number of vegan girls in bikinis on
YouTube and YouTube is not the whole
world are on Instagram playing that
angle nobody can keep you know there's
another one every week but the truth is
there isn't another Gary Franchione
every week there is another Wayne C on
every week there isn't another DXE every
week there isn't another Humane Society
peda or Green Party every week
institutions move slow professors with
tenured positions and PhDs who can play
a leadership role or at least a
galvanizing role for veganism androids
they don't come around every week and
they last a long time
Gary Francia he's already lasted a long
time
he's not gonna retire and he's not gonna
disappear
so that was the thesis of the video
really we need more of our energy to go
into honestly and fairly assessing
what's wrong with those sources
strategically and tactically and
substantively and then we need to put
our energy into replacing them I don't
know if you caught it but if you did you
might be in the most intelligent 2% of
people in the vegan movement because
thousands of people managed to watch the
video and completely miss the point and
not even pick up on who I was
criticizing
let alone if you tell a girl she's not
pretty then she's not unattractive she's
not good enough to make it it's supposed
to destroy your confidence I guess like
put you so far down that you just feel
like giving up you may be someone who's
bullied a lot and you're dealing with it
right now or you are someone who's still
hurting from bullying in the past and we
are so sorry about this but we just want
to remind everyone something very
important about bullies whatever they
are saying about you is more about them
and their own insecurities and their own
problems it's not about you nice decent
normal people don't wake up in the
morning and try to think of a way that
they can hurt someone
that's what bullies do how to deal with
bullies if you're being bullied be open
about it talk to your friends and family
a lot of times just telling someone else
what the bully said to you can make you
feel better but most importantly don't
let bullies have any power over you you
control who you are in life what you do
what you accomplish not the bully there
is a lot of trolling on the Internet
there's so much trolling that I think
many of you expected me to come up with
an apology video the next day after my
video that mentions the name of Vanina
and Randa saying hey guys don't take it
too seriously just joking around I'm
trolling here's my apology and the truth
is the exact opposite that video
expresses really sincere concerns in my
part
I'm sincerely concerned that a whole
bunch of prominent figures in veganism
as a political movement are leading the
movement in a bad direction I am
sincerely concerned not just about
bikini models I'm concerned about people
who publish books people are university
professors people who are lawyers people
were leaders of activist groups involved
in street activism I'm sincerely
concerned that a lot of those people are
idiots and my concerns are based on the
books they publish based on the articles
they've written and in many cases based
on YouTube videos YouTube videos that
are lectures or what-have-you
I've not received a single comment in
any format or any forum defending Nina
and Randa doing a paid commercial a paid
advertisement for Taco Bell and thus
endorsing fast food industry meat and
dairy industry etc etc within the United
States not one I haven't received one
message from anyone and this is a
contrast to my experiences freely I have
received one message from anyone saying
look even though Nina and Rand are
idiots
even though the Taco Bell commercial was
wrong even though these other things
that you mentioned are a real problem
still what Nina and rida have
contributed to veganism is so important
and so positive that you should see in
the balance and that really was with
freely that was very often the response
of God were people who admitted that my
criticism was accurate but you said that
nevertheless I should appreciate the
positive things that freely did but you
know I can imagine a much more powerful
counter-argument to that video and even
though nobody gave me this argument I'm
now gonna argue against myself so that I
just wanted to debate with I think a
more powerful counter-argument as this
looks shouldn't matter even though they
do even though we know that physical
beauty matters in this world especially
if you're presenting yourself on the
Internet in a bikini selling a diet song
a life stone in a perfect world
someone's physical appearance wouldn't
matter so let's behave ourselves on
YouTube as if we're living in that
perfect world let's respond to that
higher aspiration to just address the
issues or just address the political
concerns and ignore
or who's ugly who's beautiful and you
know what in some contexts we can do
that I think I mean I criticize Gary
France T&A in that video and I referred
to earlier videos where I spoke at more
length in more depth about gear Francie
owned a have new video since then
talking about the nature of abolitionism
and contrasted ethical veganism talking
about the ideas political philosophical
and otherwise and the implications for
veganism 21st century I talked about all
that stuff I don't think I've ever
really mentioned that Gary Fran Sione is
not very good-looking beauty is in the
eye of the beholder I think it'd be fair
to say Gary Fran Sione's ugly all the
time we actually do engage with
political and philosophical debates of
this kind without mentioning without
considering what a person looks like
without their their ugliness or beauty
being a factor all the time however Gary
Fran Sione has never made a video on
YouTube comparable to the lik my body
challenge the lick my body challenge is
more than two million views if you
search Nena Randa challenge I'm sure
it's the first result you're gonna get
and in that video and you never head are
taking off their clothes and having
their boyfriends lick their body that is
who they are that is what their fame
comes from their beauty their appearance
and what other vegans say about their
beauty in promoting them and their
career that is important it is
significant and what I see is people
making excuses for them making excuses
for they say about politics making
excuses what they say about ethical
veganism what they say about
cruelty-free lifestyle these other
foolish things they say on account of
their beauty physical beauty in some
contexts is irrelevant and would make
your argument seem ridiculous
criticizing Gary France aione for being
ugly is not that meaningful
compared to the type of criticism I
already have Gary Fran Sione and his
approach to being in politics on this
channel but in the other hand sometimes
it's a little bit relevant sometimes
it's very relevant I think there's an
open question with a guy like will
Tuttle I have a separate video
criticizing will Tuttle in the world
peace diet and the semi supernatural
ideas that are in that book I think
there's an open question is will Tuttle
just famous because he's handsome
why did anyone ever respect this guy are
pretenders
this guy how did he rise to a position
of apparent prominence as a leader
within veganism and I find it very
troubling because his book wouldn't be
respected in a Buddhist context and
shouldn't be respected in a secular
context either it's just a tremendously
weak book I think most people haven't
read the book I think they have seen his
face
maybe his beauty maybe his physical
appearance maybe Oh answer maybe that is
actually you factory photographer right
but definitely in the case of someone
like Frehley her prominence her role her
claim to fame even her claim to
Authority her claim to why you should
take her opinion about nutrition
seriously is utterly utterly based on
her physical appearance I've said in the
past that different people can
contribute in different ways some people
are gonna be makini models some people
are gonna be health gurus not everyone
is gonna be sincerely interested engage
with political elements of veganism I
still say that I still believe that not
everyone is gonna care about the
elements of the struggle I care about
and that's fine I accept that but the
other hand I says said this before on
this channel says again because this is
as real as it gets
okay there's a difference between
becoming a stripper so that you can pay
your way through college and dropping
out of college in order to become a
stripper
when I express concern about people who
I see on the internet who just seemed to
me Complete Idiot's and to be
celebrating that idiocy and I see
thousands of other people celebrating
that idiocy and the excuses that they're
beautiful and my perspective is they're
not even beautiful yeah I got something
to say about that and you know what I
think
you know their father who's also a
public figure here Jeff Nelson I think
he should feel deeply ashamed I think he
should feel concerned not so much
because you're looking at that video the
lick my body challenge and isolation not
just because the footage of them bikinis
is being looked at there in isolation
but because it is part of a package it
is part of a parcel of celebrating a
meaningless stupid life of
self-indulgence
and it's a life in which this this kind
of idiocy is being treated as if it's
intelligent and witty and insightful and
positive and good for veganism when it's
not aisel you need to get out there man
up say you're wrong and offer Nina and
Randa a sincere apology I think that
most people stop being idiots
when they choose to stop being idiots
when they choose they're gonna take
themselves more seriously and when they
choose to take you know social reality
real problems in this world more
seriously in the same way that most
people get engaged with veganism animal
rights and ecology when they choose that
they want to become good people
[Music]